**Simple App**
---------

Simple app is a Java application that allows to run a pure Sidechain Node without any custom logic.

It is possible to run a SC node or nodes with or without real MC node connection.

**Execution**

You can run Simple App inside IDE just executing SimpleApp class in examples/simpleapp module.

Or if you want to run SimpleApp outside, than:
1. Build and package the project
    ```
    mvn package
    ```
2. Go to project root dir and execute in a command line:
    * For Windows:
        ```
        java -jar ./examples/simpleapp/target/Sidechains-SDK-simpleapp-0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar <path_to_config_file>
        ```
    * For Linux:
        ```
        java -jar ./examples/simpleapp/target/Sidechains-SDK-simpleapp-0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar <path_to_config_file>
        ```
    
**Running SimpleApp isolated from MC**

To run application you can use predefined configuration file placed into `./examples/simpleapp/src/main/resourse/settings.conf`

This config already contains some genesis data that will start a node with a first MC Block Reference and some coins transferred to current SC node.

Why it is "isolated"? Because inside SC genesis block declared a MC Block Reference that has no way to continue the mainchain. So all next SC blocks will not have any new MC data.

Such a configuration is useful when you want just to test Sidechain logic and behaviour without any interaction with a Mainchain network.


**Running SimpleApp connected to the real MC node**

To run SC with a connection with a real MC node do the following steps:

1. Compile MC sources with SC support code:
    * clone Horizen core repository - https://github.com/ZencashOfficial/zen
    * switch to the SC suport branch - `as/sc_development`
    * build the Core for your platform using the guides in the repo.
2. Run MC node in a `regtest` mode with a `-websocket` flag. 
3. Generate at least 220 blocks to enable SC support.
4. Declare the new SC using `sc_create` RPC method, where you will specify new SC id and first forward transfers.
5. Generate 1 more block, that includes the transaction previously generated.
6. Get SC genesis info from MC for your SC ID using `getscgenesisinfo` RPC method.
7. Run ScBootstrapping tool and execute a command `genesisinfo`, where the result from previous RPC method should be placed as well as a secret, that will be used to sign the SC genesis block.
8. Use the result data and update configuration file with it. You can use configuration files from `./examples/simpleapp/src/main/resourse/` as an example of resulting structure of the file.
9. Run SimpleApp node with the configuration file you created. Your SC node will be connected to the MC node.
10. If new MC blocks will appear, than the next SC blocks will automatically include the references to MC blocks inside. Maximum number of MC Block Refs per SC Block is 3.

[The MC and SC workflow example](mc_sc_workflow_example.md).

**How to choose the address of the first forward transfers during creation?**

Address you specified in `sc_create` RPC method is a public key defined in SC.
To generate a new pair of secret-public keys you can use ScBootstrappingTool command `generatekey`.

For example `generatekey {"seed":"myuniqueseed"}`

Then you can put public part as a destination of `sc_create` and secret into configuration file in a section `wallet.genesisSecrets`. Note: if you will not specify `genesisSecrets` properly, you will not see that balances in the wallet. 

**How to choose the secret in ScBootstrapping `genesisinfo` command?**

Just use any secret you want generated by `generatekey` command.

**SC related RPC commands in a MC**
1. `sc_create "scid" withdrawalEpochLength "address" amount "vrfPublickKey"` - to create a new SC
2. `sc_send "scid"  "address" amount "sidechainId"` - to send single forward transfer to desired address in a proper sidechain.
3. `sc_sendmany [{"address":... ,"amount":...,"scid":,...},...]` - to send multiple transfers to different addresses/sidechains

For more info look into the MC repository and guides.

**Sidechain HTTP API**

Node API address specified in configuration file in a section `network.bindAddress`.

Description of all basic API with example is placed in a simple web interface, to reach it just type `network.bindAddress` in any browser.


