# Release notes - version 0.11.0

---

## Notes about new/updated Features

### New methods in Forger Stake Native Smart Contract

In Forger Stake  Native Smart Contract, the following methods were added:
- upgrade(): upgrades the internal data structures. Must be called once after the hardfork activation and before any call to the others new methods listed below.
- getPagedForgersStakes(int32 startIndex, int32 pageSize): Returns the first "pageSize" forger stakes, starting from "startIndex".
- getPagedForgersStakesByUser(address owner, int32 startIndex, int32 pageSize): Returns the first "pageSize" forger stakes, owned by the specified address, starting from "startIndex".
- stakeOf(ownerAddress): returns the total amount at stake owned by the specified address

### Forger reward address
For forger nodes: it is now possible to specify a custom address where the block reward will be directed.<br> 
The address will be put inside every new block forged by the node.<br> 
(Previously the first address on the local wallet was taken automatically, without the possibility to specify a different one).<br> 
Any EON address can be specified (included a smart contract address). The private key does not need to be imported in the local wallet.

How to specify it: 
- inside the config file, add a property like this inside the *forger* section:

    forgerRewardAddress = "xxxxxxxxx"


### Pause forging
Support for pause forging in the forgers: forgers will automatically stop to produce new blocks if in the latest 99 Blocks no reference to mainchain blocks is present.

---
## Bug Fixes

---

## Improvements
 
---
## Update test instructions from previous version


---
Full [Changelog](/CHANGELOG.md) file here

