# Release notes - version 0.8.0

---

## Notes about new/updated Features

### [API] /block/forgingInfo

The result json has been changed in this way:
- Renamed two fields:
  - bestEpochNumber -> bestBlockEpochNumber 
  - bestSlotNumber -> bestBlockSlotNumber 
- Added these two new fields:
  - currentEpochNumber 
  - currentSlotNumber
  
    (their value is calculated based on the current timestamp, while the previous
  two were and are calculated based on the best block available in the history)


### Force connecting to known peers
New configuration option `onlyConnectToKnownPeers` was added to `network` section of configuration file. When set to `true` it will force node to only try connecting to known peers. This option is disabled by default.
```
sparkz {
  network {
    onlyConnectToKnownPeers = false
  }
}
```

### Forgers Network
This feature adds a dedicated connection pool reserved for connecting to forger nodes. The size of the dedicated connection pool is configured by `maxForgerConnections` option in `network` section of configuration file. The default value is 20. This limit  works in addition to the one defined in the property network.maxOutgoingConnections.

Configuration option `isForgerNode` in the `network` section has to be set to `true` to indicate that the node is a forger and other nodes should prioritize connecting with it. Default value is `false`.

Nodes will prioritize connecting to and broadcasting blocks to forger nodes.

```
sparkz {
  network {
    maxForgerConnections = 20
    isForgerNode = false
  }
}
```

The intent of this feature is to minimize block propagation time between forgers, by increasing the likelihood of 1-hop connectivity between forgers.

---
## Update instructions from previous version

- delete `peers` directory from the `sparkz.dataDir` location
- update configuration file with new options, if any new parameter is different from the default:
  - `sparkz.network.onlyConnectToKnownPeers`
  - `sparkz.network.maxForgerConnections`
  - `sparkz.network.isForgerNode`

---
## Bug Fixes
- Synchronization race condition fix
---
## Improvements
- Block synchronization performance improvements:
    - new block lookup strategy based on the parent block id
    - preserve ordering of block during synchronization
    - history comparison logic rework
    - other performance improvements

---
Full [Changelog](/CHANGELOG.md) file here
